Clean up docs on aws_s3_bucket_policy (#21868)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/s3_bucket_policy.html.markdown

### Basic Usage

```terraform

> locals {
>   aws_account_b_id = "123456789012"
> }

Reviewer: Though I understand why you'd do so, I don't think adding a `locals` block here is necessary, and may be confusing for less experienced Terraform practitioners; particular since it's only being used once in the example. We can omit this and pass it directly below.

```suggestion
```

Author: yep, this makes total sense - the logic behind adding the local was to ensure that the reader knew that the string of numbers was an account ID and not some other piece of AWS deep lore, but i figure that we have to assume some level of familiarity (or ability to look things up) with regards to AWS.

Will update :)

resource "aws_s3_bucket" "example" {
  bucket = "my-tf-test-bucket"
}

resource "aws_s3_bucket_policy" "allow_access_from_account_b" {
  bucket = aws_s3_bucket.example.id
  policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.allow_access_from_account_b.json
}

data "aws_iam_policy_document" "allow_access_from_account_b" {
  statement {
    principals {
      type         = "AWS"

>       identitfiers = [local.aws_account_b_id]

Reviewer: As noted above, I think adding a `locals` block might add more confusion for someone less familiar with Terraform, so it probably makes more sense to just pass this value directly.

```suggestion
      identitfiers = ["123456789012"]
```

The following arguments are supported:

* `bucket` - (Required) The name of the bucket to which to apply the policy.

> * `policy` - (Required) The text of the policy. Although this isn't technically an IAM policy, you can use the [`aws_iam_policy_document`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) data source for this, so long as it specifies a principal. For more information about building AWS IAM policy documents with Terraform, see the [AWS IAM Policy Document Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/aws/iam-policy). Note: Bucket policies are limited to 20 KB in size.

Reviewer: Since the note you're adding is covered in the linked AWS IAM policy document guide, I don't believe it's necessary to add it here as well.

Author: i'm a little conflicted on this - i modeled this message after the one on [`aws_kms_key`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key), though with slightly friendlier language. the other thing is that the tutorial, while helpful in learning best practice for IAM policies, isn't necessarily the best way of consuming quick-reference information.

i'm happy to make the changes you're suggesting obviously - you're the maintainer here 😅 but thought it might be a good idea to detail the reasoning behind why i wrote what i did

Reviewer: Thanks for the link! I see where you're coming from now (and wasn't really ever _against_ the idea, for what it's worth 😃). With that in mind, I think this rephrasing might present a bit clearer.

```suggestion
* `policy` - (Required) The text of the policy. Although this is a bucket policy rather than an IAM policy, the [`aws_iam_policy_document`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) data source may be used, so long as it specifies a principal. For more information about building AWS IAM policy documents with Terraform, see the [AWS IAM Policy Document Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/aws/iam-policy). Note: Bucket policies are limited to 20 KB in size.
```

Author: good suggestion 👍 have applied
